{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Lab 01 Jlumbard Question 14 response. \
\
Discussion on experience of the Lab:\
\
Overall positive. Coming in I understood the fork function from class, but had not dived into its functionality. The single largest learning I made was understanding the way that it returned different values to a child or parent process (0 or the process ID). This took some serious debugging as I had understood its functionality differently in class, for some reason. In addition - storing that value locally in a loop feels awkward, I\'92m surprised there is not some kind of function that just returns whether or not the process is a parent or child. This was, however, a major learning for me. I could see this being applied to more effectively complete processes in previous projects we\'92ve completed academidcally (something that can logically have parallel processes like sorting). \
\
I had to bust out my 2010 MacBook for a development environment over using vagrant. It is not too bad - though having two sets of navigation shortcuts is annoying. \
\
I wouldn\'92t say the lab was either too easy or too difficult, just about right. However I think that it could be streamlined a bit - some more clarity in instructions might\'92ve cut down on the time it took to complete. It just took several reads of the Generate and Store section to understand. In addition learning to write to text files was interesting but perhaps aside the point of the lab. Overall a good lab experience. }